>> In 2014, two different groups nearly tied in
the ImageNet competition with the seven percent classification error.
One of those networks is called VGGNet,
or sometimes just VGG,
and it came from the Visual Geometry Group at Oxford University.
>> VGG has a simple and elegant architecture,
which makes it great for transfer learning.
The VGG architecture is just a long sequence of three-by-three convolutions,
broken up by two-by-two pooling layers,
and finished by a trio of fully-connected layers at the end.
Lots of engineers use VGG as
a starting point for working on other image classification tasks,
and it works really well.
The flexibility of VGG is one of its great strengths.